brainstorming web project (06/03/2022) - Grupo 11 Helio&João


description of personas:

- 4 characters

- brief live description

- what do they do in their life that makes them need the platform (Viatge)


persona #1

.Nuno
.50 years old
.lives in Spain and has an architecture and construction company.
.do to the aspect of his business being international, Nuno travels a lot every year,
and since his kids live abroad he also travels regulary to see them.
.with all of these travels, it becomes hard for Nuno to keep track of everything so he always has to spend a lot of
money on assistants to help him out.
.but since now Nuno uses Viatge to organize his trips and keep track of all of his expenses, he doesn't need to hire
assistants anymore and can share his travel plans with his kids so they can always know when he will visit next.

persona #2

.Katarina
.20 years old
.lives in Denmark and just started university.
.since she was young Katarina has loved traveling and is always looking forward to her next trip. but all of her trips
come with the stress of planning them attached, and since she mostly travels alone, Katarina has to plan everything.
Its always hard to keep track of the best flight prices and the best places to book her stay, but on her last 2 trips
she took advantage of the tools we have at Viatge to organize herself and all the stress dissapeared. 
.So from them on Katarina will always look to Viatge to help her out.

persona #3

.Michael 
.35 years old
.lives in the USA and works has a graphic designer.
.Michael works as a freelancer so he enjoys spending his freedom by traveling the world and working from his laptop.
One recent hobbie Michael took on his video blogging his trips and posting them on his website so other people can 
use his notes to better travel themselves.
Since he usually bolgs after he returns home from a trip he needs a way to review all his steps and remmember the best
momments. With the use of our platform Viatge, he can do just that with a just a few clicks. Michael has all of his
trips organized by season of the year and goes back on his reccords to write out the perfect blog post, including all
of his spending and places visited.

persona #4

.Anah
.45 years old
.lives in Bucarest and works as a manager in a clothing store.
.Anah doesn't travel a lot but once every two months she goes visit her son that lives abroad.
Since Anah loves to be organized and always have reccords of everything she does, her son propused that she started 
using Viatge to plan her trips and share the details with him with ease.
Anah loves the platform, as it provides her with just the perfect amount of tools and organization methods and when 
she tells her friends about her latest trips, she uses the maps on the platform to show the places she visited.




